Fix: Newly created GitLab instance fails to mount data volume (#4890) (#7757)
DataBiosphere/azul: OPERATOR.rst

``resize2fs`` to grow the size of the mounted file system so that it matches
that of the volume. Run::

>     df | grep /mnt/gitlab # Verify the device mount (/dev/nvme1n1) and note available size

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    df | grep /mnt/gitlab # Verify the name of the mounted device (e.g. /dev/nvme1n1) and note the available size
```

>     sudo resize2fs /dev/nvme1n1 # This should match the filesystem of the previous output

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    sudo resize2fs /dev/nvme1n1 # Match the device name emitted by the previous command
```
